~ Dante walks into the Great Room, which is nearly dark due the room's lack of windows and only receiving partial lluminated from the Great Room.
"I wish my headlamp had a high-beam setting. It's too dark for my liking."
~ The Treasure Hunter moves his head to light his way, coming across a large wooden dining table with matching high-back chairs.
"There's enough seating for ten people! The previous owner really like giving parties. Or he had a big family. Or both."
"It was both," said a gravely voice.
"What the chicken? Who said that?"
"Shine your light on me and you will see."
~ Dante darts his head around looking for the speaker. He finds the speaker sitting at the head of the table.
"Who are you?"
"I am Ezekiel Johnson. Owner of this mansion. Who are you?"
"I'm Dante. I'm a treasure hunter."
"And you broke into my house to seek said treasure?"
"I didn't break in here, sir. The door was open. And I've been told this house has been empty for years."
"Six years to be exact," Ezekiel says as he lowers his head. "It's been six years since the curse robbed me of my life, and the lives of everyone else in the home."
"What happened?"
~ Ezekiel looks up and stares at Dante.
"You do not care what happened to me, what happened here. All you care about it treasure. Just like all the others. Isn't that right??"
~ The Treasure Hunter doesn't respond.
"I'm correct then. So I will warn you like I warned all the others. Leave now and you will save you life. Stay and you will lose your life."
"I know you're trying to scare me but it's not working. I've been in worse places than this, and fought some tough foes."
"Ah, well then. So be it."
~ Ezekiel fades away and Dante stands unimpressed.
"Ghosts. It's always ghosts haunting these homes. And they always try to scare people into leaving. Well that doesn't work on me."
~ Dante walks through the Dining Room, looking for treasure.
"Eh, there's nothing worth keeping in this room, let alone searching deeper. I'll move into the next room."
