~ Dante walks up the overgrown path leading up to the mansion, hacking away at the vegetation blocking him with his sword.
~ With his other hand, the Treasure Hunter waves away the bugs flying around his face, which is the only bit of uncovered skin.
"If it was easy," he mutters with a thick lay of sarcasm, "everyone would be a treasure hunter."
~ Dante continues to chop away, making his way up to the mansion, his heavy breathing increasing the swarm of bugs. He waves away furiously.
"The bug repellent I bought before I came here sucks. I'm leavin' a bad review once I finish my search."
~ After thirty minutes of hard and sweaty labor, Dante finally reaches the entrances of The Maledictus Mansion.
~ He sheathes his sword and stands with his hands on his hips, breathing hard as he looks at the decrepit home.
~ The mansion is one story high, and is of the Mediterranean design style. It's red and orange terracotta roof tiles are missing or cracked in several areas.
~ The once yellow paint adorning the exterior is now dingy from the lack of cleaning. Also, some of the paint peels away from the walls.
~ Finally, the wrought-iron gate leading to the main driveway is rusty, and one of the gate doors lays flat on the ground.
"Hmmm...I don't think that gate door fell down on its own. Someone's probably been here at one time, looking for the same loot I'm after."
"I wonder if the person or persons found it? According to the townspeople everyone who set out to loot the mansion never returned."
"Either those people perished from the reported cursed creatures in the home, or they got whatever treasure they could find and never went back to the nearby town."
"I would do the latter. The townspeople may be the kind to rob those who do all the hard work."
~ Dante steps aroudn the fallen gate door and walks up the brick driveway. He has to watch his step because some of the bricks are loose.
~ He finally makes his way to the covered porch and the front door and finds it ajar.
"Oh yeah, someone's definitely been here."
~ Dante pushes open the front door, looking inside the semi-dark house.
"The natural light comin' through the windows does help some but I can't see anyone."
~ The Treasure Hunter steps inside, still looking around for any sign of life.
"Hey! Is anyone here?!"
~ There's no response.
"Well, if there is someone here my name is Dante. I came here to look for treasure. I'm not here to fight you, but if you attack me I will defend myself. Got it?"
~ There's no response.
"All right. Let's get started. This appears to be the foyer."
